♪
[Siren wailing in distance]
[Phone buzzing]
[Static]
[Buzzing stops]
[Static stops]
[Phone buzzing]
[Buzzing stops]
- Dude, you have to
pick up your phone!
Todd?
Oh, my...
Okay, Todd. Uh...
Uh, hi. Um, I need help.
I need an ambulance.
My brother isn't breathing.
Uh, no, no, he's not--
he's not responding.
He's unconscious. I...
I don't know. I don't know.
I just--
I just found him like this.
Something is really wrong.
♪
[Puppy squeaking]
- Go get it. Go get it.
Yeah. Fetch it up.
What's up, man?
What are you looking at?
[Laughing]
Who's my bestest friend?
You? Is it you?
You're so cute! I could die!
♪
[Laughter]
- Silly boy!
- Aww! You're so cute!
- What? Too scary for you?
- [Indy barking]
- Indy! Come on!
There's nothing there!
[Coughing]
- Look who's here!
- Aww. There's my bestest friend.
Look at him. Look at him.
Look at that big boy.
[Chuckles]
- Is that Papa? [Gasps]
[Gasps] Who's that?
He's free!
Oh, the boys are back!
[Todd barking]
[Rain falling]
[Phone buzzes]
[Phone buzzing]
- Okay.
Nope. Stay here, boy.
Stay. Sit.
Good boy. Stay.
Hey, sis. Question for you.
- Todd, what the hell
is going on?
- Nothing.
- I'm standing in your
empty apartment right now.
- Oh, yeah.
That's why I called.
Um, I decided to
get out of town for a bit.
Do you know where
Grandpa hid the gate key?
- You're at Grandpa's?
- Do you know where
he hid the key or not?
- Are you out of your mind?!
There is no way that
the doctor said this was okay!
- They discharged me,
didn't they?
- To go home, idiot!
You can't just go wherever
the hell you want anymore!
- They keys, Vera.
Where are the keys?
- Why Grandpa's?
- Why not?
[Indistinct conversation]
- Exactly. It's available.
I'm not bothering anybody.
I needed a break.
This could be good for me.
[Indistinct conversation]
♪
Found 'em!
- Okay, I need you close
in case something goes wrong.
- I gotta go.
Call me when you calm down.
- Wait! Wait, wait!
Just tell me that you're oka--
[Footsteps approach]
- [Door closes]
- Enough of that.
[Seat belt clicks]
Let's go.
♪
[Thunder rumbling]
[Man speaking on radio]
- There'll be a lot
of cleaning up to do
because of the weather
over the next couple of days.
It should help out
that at least Thursday
and Friday will be dryer.
More rain comes in
on Friday night...
[Speaking indistinctly]
[Phone buzzes]
[Man speaking indistinctly]
♪
[Engine shuts off]
- Come on, bud. Let's go.
Come on, scaredy pants.
[Indy grunts]
It's not that bad.
Come on, buddy.
[Whistles]
You coming out or not?
There we go! Okay.
This way. Come on.
[Dog whimpers]
[Lock clicks]
Come on, bud. [Whistles]
Okay.
Welcome home.
[Indy whimpers]
I know!
But it beats the hospital, right?
[Scoffs]
[Sighs]
Wait here.
♪
[Thunder rumbles]
Ohh! Man!
[Clicking]
[Sighs]
Okay.
Ohh! Yes.
[Crackling]
[Sighs]
Something smells awful
down here.
Glad I don't have your nose.
Come on, bud.
- So, how long have you
been planning this?
- Planning? No planning.
It wasn't some big thing, Vera.
- The red light's on.
- I just needed to go.
- Hm. No. Yeah.
That totally makes sense.
The cursed family house
is a great place to relax.
- It's not really
how I remember it.
- Oh, yeah. Creepier?
- Not exactly. It's just...
You think "house in the woods"
sounds so peaceful.
- [Dog barking]
- Wait. Is that Indy?
- No. Old home movie.
Grandpa's playing fetch
with Bandit.
You remember that dog?
- Uh, kinda.
But didn't Grandpa
just have a ton of dogs?
- Yeah, but they all
just kept running away.
Indy, on the other hand,
never leaves my side.
I can't poop without a witness.
- Eww! Don't tell me that.
I don't need to know that.
- [Dog barking]
- [Shouting]
- Grandpa had a ton
of these VHS tapes.
Mostly this
and shitty horror films.
I think he was taping over them.
- What's the point
of making a home
movie if you live alone?
- No idea.
- Can you tell there's
something wrong with him?
- Wrong with who?
- With Grandpa. On the tape.
- Not at all. He seems happy.
- Well, that's how Grandpa's
generation did it, you know?
Put on a happy face,
even when you're rotting
from the inside out, right?
I guess living in a haunted
house takes your mind off it.
- The house
isn't haunted, Vera.
- Oh, yeah? No one has
lived there for more
than a few weeks.
- Grandpa did.
- Yeah, and it killed him.
Look, uh...
you just have to promise me
that at the first sign
of relapse,
you're gonna get in that car
and you are coming back.
- Okay. Sure.
But the rehab promised me...
[Speaking indistinctly]
- Okay.
[Creaking]
[Thunder rumbles]
♪
[Indy sniffing]
[Creaking]
♪
[Click]
- God damn it!
♪
[Creaking]
[Thunder rumbles]
Hey, man.
[Indy whimpers]
What's going on?
Alright. Let's go.
Come on.
Come on. Come on.
♪
[Thunder rumbles]
[Indy whimpers]
What?
Yeah. I know. It's creepy.
It's all my family
buried under here.
Come on. [Whistles]
♪
They all died pretty young, too.
Whoa. Stay here, boy.
♪
[Urinating]
[Indy whimpers]
♪
- [Whistling]
Here, boy.
What the hell
are you doing out here?
- Uh, excuse me?
- You should be more careful.
It's fox huntin' season.
I've got traps and snares
all over these woods.
- Is that Mr. Downs?
[Chuckles]
- Good to see you all grown up.
How long will you be staying
with us out here in the boonies?
- Well, indefinitely.
I gave up my old place.
Taking over Grandpa's.
- You staying in that place?
- Yeah. What?
- Nothing.
I just pray for you
after everything,
the way your grandpa died.
- Well, we're gonna
make it our own.
Just gotta clear it out,
get the electric going.
- I got an old generator
if you need it.
I'm just down the hill.
Come by any time you need help.
Your grandpa was out here
with his dog, too.
After we found his body,
we never did find that dog.
[Soft growling]
- Am I crazy?
It's nice here, right?
Right?
Indy? Right?
Yeah. You get it.
Alright.
- You're sure you know
how to set this up?
Electric for old houses
is pretty tough.
- Yeah. I got it.
Thank you, though.
- Okay.
Just make sure
you get it running
before this weather rolls in.
Not really safe when it's wet.
- Yeah. No problem.
Have a good night.
- Take care!
- [Sighs]
- Just out of curiosity,
have you noticed Indy
acting weird lately?
- What do you mean?
- Weird-weird.
Like staring at nothing
or sniffing for something
he can't find.
- One more time. Vera...
- This is serious. Okay?
You're the one
that keeps telling me
that he won't leave you alone,
so I went online and...
Does it seem like
he's searching for something
that you can't see or
something that doesn't exist?
- Oh, you mean being a dog?
Trust me.
There's nothing wrong with Indy.
- Todd, I'm not worried there's
something wrong with Indy.
I'm worried there's
something wrong with you.
Okay? They-- They use dogs to
detect all kinds of stuff now.
- Oh, yeah. I'm aware.
Like bombs, cocaine.
- Yeah, or, like,
medical problems.
- Hey. Uh...
- Okay. Seriously.
Dogs' noses are very sensitive.
- Ah. Jesus Christ.
- They can detect all kinds
of stuff that tests miss.
And doctors have
even been using dogs--
- [Grunting]
[Grunts]
[Motor sputtering]
Fuck.
[Motor starts]
[Electricity crackling]
[Motor whirring]
[Indy whimpering]
Hey!
Knock it off!
There's nothing out there.
None of that, please. Okay?
Come on.
You silly goose. Huh?
- For countless centuries,
mankind dwelled in the dark.
But he wasn't alone.
In caves all over the Earth,
we see evidence of
the most successful partnership
between any two species
on the planet.
With keener senses
than their human partners,
dogs protected cave dwellers
from unseen dangers
and alerted them
to the presence of predators.
Mankind has left the caves,
but the darkness
haunts us still.
♪
- Oh. Can I help you?
You want some?
...companions yield
to this primordial doom.
- [Todd growls]
[Chuckles]
Pretty good.
Hm...
[Static]
[Creaking]
♪
[Water dripping]
[Whimpering]
♪
[Whimper echoes]
- [Coughing]
[Groans]
[Coughing]
Not so fast, boy.
Come around here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
How's my boy doing?
Big, strong guy.
Hey, buddy, buddy,
buddy, buddy, buddy.
Who's a handsome man?
A big, handsome man!
Come on. Ooh! Hey.
[Indy whimpers]
Good. Good boy.
What? What's your problem?
[Indy sniffing]
Hey. Bud. Leave that alone.
Come on, Indy.
Come on. It's breakfast time.
[Indy sniffing]
Indy! Breakfast!
♪
Okay. Sit.
[Indy whimpers]
Good.
Alright, Indy. You good?
Guard the house.
[Door closes]
[Indy whimpering]
[Indy barking]
[Indy whimpers]
[Rustling]
[Dog whimpers]
♪
- [Clang]
- [Dog whimpers]
♪
[Indy sniffing]
[Sniffing]
♪
[Indy sniffing]
[Creature growls]
♪
[Thump, thump]
[Thump]
[Shallow breathing]
[Todd groans]
[Todd sighs]
[Click]
[Static]
Not now, buddy.
Can you just go
lay down somewhere?
♪
[Todd breathing sharply]
I said not now.
♪
[Groans]
[Coughing]
[Inhales sharply]
[Exhales sharply]
♪
[Coughing]
I said not now, bud.
[Indy groans]
I said give me a minute.
♪
[Indy whimpers]
I said get the fuck out of here!
♪
[Coughing]
[Click]
[Coughs]
♪
[Sniffing]
[Thump]
[Indy whimpering]
[Todd gasps]
[Todd groans]
[Indy whimpering]
Quiet!
Stay.
[Creaking]
Go on. Back upstairs.
[Dog barking]
[Indistinct shouting]
- Okay. Where was I? Uh...
All the taxidermy
I leave to my daughter,
the vegan.
[Chuckles]
And, uh,
to my grandson, Todd...
[Coughs]
Everything else.
- [Todd coughing]
- Six generations...
of one family
have lived in this place.
[Todd groans]
- Lived and died.
[Todd coughs]
- I guess I'm next.
I should never have come here.
- Vera: Are you still up for me
coming out this weekend?
- When did we decide on that?
- Oh. Well, you know,
I just thought that
it could be really--
- You thought what?
- I thought
that it would be nice.
- You want to check in on me.
- [Chuckles]
Well, isn't that
what sisters do?
I just want to help.
- [Dog whimpers]
- Can you not?
- I-I'm not trying to nag you.
I just...
I really just want to
make sure that you're okay.
- You are so full of it.
- What?
- Can I have one day where
I don't have to be a patient?
Can you help me with that?
- I'm not trying to make you--
- Because whenever you call--
and you call all the time--
I'm just sitting here
dreading and waiting
for you to feel like
we've chatted enough
that you can ask one
of your inane questions.
- You know what?
Maybe this would be helpful.
Let me save you
the trouble of asking
on your next ten phone calls.
I'm fine. I'm feeling fine.
Nothing's wrong.
And I'm staying.
- Well, alright...
- No, you're not sorry. Shut up.
That's what I want. Shut up.
[Dog whimpers]
Let's make a new rule.
Until I come to you
with some kind of crisis,
you just lay off.
Think you can handle that?
[Creaking]
- Yeah.
- Great...
♪
[Thunder crashes]
[Grandpa coughing]
[Dog whimpering]
♪
- [Coughing]
[Dog whimpering]
♪
Run!
[Crackling]
♪
- Indy?
Indy?
Where you at?
[Hands clap]
Come on.
♪
Indy!
[Creaking]
Indy? You down here, boy?
Hello?
[Creaking]
♪
[Indy whimpering]
Indy?
How did you...
What the hell?
♪
[Chuckles]
Come on, Houdini.
Okay. Hold still, bud.
[Coughs]
It's almost over.
Oh, you smell like death.
[Todd groans]
[Breathing sharply]
[Coughing]
♪
No. No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no.
♪
[Whirring]
- I'm sorry. It's just too late.
- What do you mean?
- Maybe if you had come in
earlier, before it progressed.
- So you're rejecting me
because I'm too sick?
- Clinical trials have
strict entry requirements.
- [Chuckles] That's bullshit.
[Indy whimpering]
You don't even treat half
the people you say you will.
And if it works on me,
it'll definitely work, right?
Why are you trying
to reject someone
that wants to be
your guinea pig?
- I'm sorry.
It just doesn't work like that.
- God damn it!
♪
[Footsteps approach]
- What are you
doing there, Todd?
- Nothing! Nothing.
Uh, wait. Actually...
Do you know if any hyssop
grows around here?
Honeysuckle root.
I'm collecting those things.
- No. Sorry.
Never heard of them.
- All good. All good.
I'll figure it out.
- Well, figure it out over there
'cause you're getting
pretty close to where
I placed those fox traps.
You take care of yourself, son!
Be careful out here, boy.
- Okay.
Coming through. Okay.
Now we focus.
[Chimes tinkling]
That's perfect.
To the northwest corner.
[Creature growls]
And that-- that's it.
♪
[Chimes tinkling]
[Todd crying]
[Todd sighs]
[Eerie music playing]
♪
[Chimes tinkling]
[Todd coughs]
What are you looking at, boy?
[Indy whimpers]
It's alright.
Just the wind outside.
Sleep.
♪
[Todd coughs]
[Groans]
Sorry, bud.
Not tonight.
[Todd coughs]
♪
[Creaking]
[Todd coughs]
♪
[Thump]
[Sniffing]
♪
[Creaking]
[Man whistles]
♪
[Indy grunts]
[Todd gasping]
♪
[Static]
[Todd gasping]
Hello?!
Hello?
[Indy growls]
It's okay, boy.
[Todd coughs]
[Indy growls]
Shh.
- [Indy snarls]
- [Todd shouts]
[Indy snarling]
God damn it!
No! You stay there!
♪
Fuck.
[Indy whimpers]
[Barking]
[Whimpers]
[Barking in distance]
[Wind whistling]
[Electricity buzzing]
[Barking]
♪
[Cracking]
[Whimpers]
♪
[Snap]
[Whimpers]
[Whimpering]
♪
[Creaking]
- Stay.
[Wind whistling]
[Thunder rumbles]
I told you to stay.
[Todd grunts]
[Thud]
[Clang]
♪
- No.
[Todd coughs]
[Motor starts]
♪
Stay here.
[Door opens]
[Door closes]
♪
[Todd coughing]
[Thunder crashes]
♪
[Dog barks]
[Thunder rumbles]
♪
[Todd coughing]
[Thunder crashes]
♪
[Groaning]
[Laughter]
♪
[Woman screams]
[Indy yelping]
♪
[Thunder crashes]
[Todd coughing]
♪
[Thunder crashes]
[Todd coughing]
♪
[Dog barks]
[Thunder crashes]
♪
[Dog barks]
[Creaking]
♪
[Dog howls]
[Eerie music plays]
[Todd gasping]
♪
[Inhales sharply]
Who's there?
[Thunder rumbles]
[Thunder crashes]
[Creaking]
[Todd gasps]
[Chuckles]
Indy. [Sighs]
Ohh. I'm so sorry, boy.
♪
How did you get back here?
Come on.
♪
Come here. Come here.
What's going on?
[Indy whimpers]
What's wrong? What's wrong?
What happened?
How did you do this?
How did you get up here?
Huh?
♪
[Thunder crashes]
[Phone buzzing]
♪
[Todd screaming]
[Indy whimpering]
♪
[Todd screaming]
[Todd grunts]
♪
[Indy whimpers]
[Indy whimpering]
♪
- You're a good dog.
No.
♪
Boy, you can't save me.
[Indy whimpers]
You gotta stay here.
♪
[Thunder crashes]
[Indy whimpers]
♪
- Vera: Oh, God.
[Sobbing]
[Gasps] Hey!
Hey!
Okay. Come on., Indy. Let's go.
[Man whistles]
- Come on, Indy.
♪
[Man whistles]